hey everybody this is CEM dog again with
another video I posted my how to make a
mother 3 cart and I started getting
responses asking for a more detailed
instruction set so here we go
your going to need a couple of tools to
do it
you'll need a DS Lite and I'm using a
cyclo DS evolution and you'll also need
a easy flash three and one both of those
I got from real hot stuff calm but if
you're out of the United States you'll
want to do some Google searches and find
a distributor in your area you also need
a rotary tool and a sanding wheel you'll
need a trailing screwdriver and you'll
need a donor cartridge that you can gut
for the shell the last thing you'll
probably need is a hot glue gun just to
secure the board once you've got
everything fit so you start up your
cycle a TS evolution and
have your easy flash and slot to choose
your game that you're going to be
flashing for mother3 it needs to run in
an alarm mode that will simulate a real
cartridge and because of its size it
will only give you that option so choose
to run in an alarm mode and it will
erase any data that's on the three and
one and then flash the game now once
that's done you'll want to remove your
cycloid es and make sure that the game
runs by itself in slot 2 while that's
going you can take apart your donor
cartridge using the traveling
screwdriver and then once it's done
flashing you'll want to get a small
Phillips screwdriver and take apart the
easy flash three-in-one you can D solder
the motor you won't need it and you can
throw away the cart you won't need it
take the board and start test fitting it
into the shell now there are chips on
the front and back of an easy flash so
you'll need to use the Dremel to hollow
out spaces to hold the board
I found that I also had to remove a
couple of the clips that hold the cart
shut that's not a problem once it fits
nice and securely and pins line up where
they're supposed to and it doesn't sit
too proud close it up and test it in the
machine to make sure everything is still
good and then hot glue the board into
place and close up the cart put the
screw back in
you'll also eventually want to probably
remove your original label peel off
everything you can soak it in Google
scrape all the crud off and then dish
soap will take care of the goog on its
like I said it's pretty simple it just
takes a little bit of time you can get
the whole thing done probably in a
couple of hours the longest part is
going to be drumming the case to make
sure that your board fits right
once you have all together and it runs
it'll work in any Game Boy Advance
system including the Game Boy player you
can use Photoshop and art available
through the limit search and make
yourself a label eventually once I have
my box completed it may be available on
repro makers websites
that's pretty much it get an easy flash
cycloid es find the rom online flash it
to the cart swap the board into a donor
shell Dremel it to fit close it up label
it and have a blast so if you have any
more questions feel free to leave
comments in the section below and happy
gaming
thank you to the users at the earthbound
group on reddit for having the interest
to ask for more instructions and thanks
to everybody for watching we'll talk to
you soon